good Wednesday morning 94.5 the
surfrider morning surf report hard be an
unprecedented meteor shower we now know
that meteors will land off the coast of
different cities a small cluster of
meteors is predicted to enter our
atmosphere scientists are scrambling to
try understand it evacuations are now oh
my god it appears that there's something
it's like shadowy figure the appear
mechanical Alicia when you invade a
place for its resources you wipe out the
indigenous population right now we are
being colonized we lost communications
with Tokyo Rio in New York we can lose
Los Angeles I made you why got my three
kids yes civilians coming out
times gone
you